Web sdk tutorials update (#1552)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/libraries-bundle/client-library.md

### Accessing a microservice with the Fetch API {#accessing-a-microservice-with-the-fetch-api}

> The client internally uses the Fetch API. By accessing this core function, you can do any authenticated request to any resource. Standalone you can use `core.client.fetch(url, options)` and in `@c8y/ngx-components/data` for Angular you must inject the `FetchClient`:

Reviewer: Same here. Probably better "simply have to". Otherwise the meaning changes. Below, you say "you simply must". Sounds somehow strange to me :-), but if you say that this is correct, would work here as well.

Author: ```suggestion
The client internally uses the Fetch API. By accessing this core function, you can do any authenticated request to any resource. Standalone you can use `core.client.fetch(url, options)` and in `@c8y/ngx-components/data` for Angular you simply have to inject the `FetchClient`:
```
